hello it's ruby and today i'm going to
be showing you a day in my life but
where i am
feeling kind of under the weather so the
first thing i did when i woke up was go
get breakfast
and cut the bagels in half so i could
freeze them because if you freeze bagels
you should always pre-cut them beautiful
girl
i also got myself a matcha latte
[Music]
hello it's ruby and today i am going to
be vlogging
it's currently just gone 10. you might
be wondering why i'm starting this vlog
so late and that is because i got up
late this morning long story short i've
been finding it okay to get sleep
recently but
last night i just could not sleep i
think i probably got to sleep at around
3 30 or 4. i was lying in bed
i just couldn't get to sleep maybe as
luck would have it
my alarm didn't go off and i always
slept and i wake up at
half nine but you seem to like it when i
vlog the days that i wake up late so i
thought i would vlog
today as a day after not being able to
sleep
and kind of having a return of insomnia
i wouldn't say i've been summoning her
anymore but i
did have insomnia today it was meant to
be sunny and it's actually cloudy which
makes me so happy
so if you look the clouds are kind of
gray so i wonder if there's gonna be
rain later which would be lovely
like really lovely hey google can you
please play the home alone soundtrack
all right here's the album home alone
original motion picture soundtrack on
spotify
[Music]
is it too early for christmas no i'm
feeling very festive today
oh okay i'm actually gonna go get a
christmas candle
[Music]
so yes i was listening to christmas
music whilst i did my morning journaling
i love to journal every morning
[Music]
okay i'm currently writing and i'm
writing some of my
book at the moment the one i just
started it's i didn't really know where
it's going yet
then here i was writing as i said and i
also went on to doing some dewy lingo
[Music]
yay for duolingo
i am doing a latin duolingo at the
moment because i've always wanted to
learn that in
okay i've got the starter here for jade
new ceiling stamp which i
love i'm now going to go on a run
[Music]
how nice this washi tape is by the way
so i didn't go on a very long run it was
about half an hour in total and
i went to the post office whilst i was
gone so i posted this letter to jade
[Music]
and then i started writing a short story
because i like to write
one short story every day then i had
lunch
and i had some of this almond butter
which is the perfect size as in
bigger than my hand i didn't show this
but i also had
loads of frozen raspberries and almond
butter
with two rice cakes as well i think
because that now i'm gonna go and finish
the story that i just started
why is he just really ill but
i'm feeling kind of dizzy
also does anyone else do this whenever i
see two surfaces about this far apart
from each other i always
balance on them i decided to get myself
a smoothie i wasn't hungry but i was
feeling dizzy
and so i thought it might help if i got
myself
an energy smoothie um it didn't really
help
but i thought it might okay so
i have now got a meeting
for knowledge collective we have an
hour-long
meeting every tuesday so it's just
waiting to work
strangely it's not working i'm just
gonna quickly check slack to see
i have finished my meeting
and um i was i'm feeling really under
the weather
we just hit my temperature and i've got
a temperature which is
not fun i went live on facebook after
that um i have a facebook
book club which some of you might be a
member of and
i just had a little check in
then after that i wrote a speech that
i'd be giving the following week
at the young leaders digital summit
i thought i would just quickly show you
something a delivery that i was so
so excited about i really wanted to get
another pair of glasses
i heard about blue bloom i actually saw
them on my instagram recommended
they're an eco-friendly brand and very
very transparent with their production
process
amazing books this is the first pair
which is how i think
i'm going to get
these ones are very similar again and i
do like these because they're slightly
bigger frame and i think larger frames
do look very nice but
i'm not a big fan of the metal hair i
feel like that would get very
uncomfortable
then i got this pair which i just
ordered for the fun of it i knew i
wasn't going to try these
but i do still quite like these these
are really cool
so i might do a little bit more work on
my book just like planning bits
which is just fun and i played some more
christmas music
i'm still not feeling very well you can
see my face is very very red my
grandparents are meant to be coming
around but because i don't feel well
we've cancelled because obviously if it
is carina virus we don't want to pass it
on to them
it's a shame because i like seeing my
grandparents
i went and made myself some tea this was
a turmeric tea
and i went outside and read i was
reading the sickness
by stephen king
mum martha and i just watched an episode
of the simpsons
and now i'm replying to a letter
in the evening i wrote this letter to my
friends sasha and blakeney their
university friends
and we are writing letters to each other
during lockdown
and that's everything i filmed today i
hope that you enjoyed watching this day
in my life
and i hope that you have a productive
week
[Music]
you